fix(webrtc): gracefully handle resets of individual connections (#3575)
paritytech/rust-libp2p: transports/webrtc/CHANGELOG.md

> [unreleased]
> 
> -   fix for [#3574](https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/issues/3574) by not emitting `UDPMuxEvent::Error` when `ErrorKind::ConnectionReset` occurs from remote client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 0.4.0-alpha.3 - unreleased

- Gracefully handle errors on individual connections, avoiding shutdown of the entire listener upon disconnect of a single client.
  See [PR 3575].
  
[PR 3575]: https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/3575
```

Author: Well said

# 0.4.0-alpha.2

-   Update to `libp2p-noise` `v0.42.0`.

-   Update to `libp2p-core` `v0.39.0`.

-   Migrate from `prost` to `quick-protobuf`. This removes `protoc` dependency. See [PR 3312].

[pr 3312]: https://github.com/libp2p/rust-libp2p/pull/3312

# 0.4.0-alpha

> -   Initial alpha release.

Reviewer: Can we undo these formatting changes please?

Author: Yes definitely, I didn't see those until after I had already committed it. They should be rolled back now

Reviewer: Still visible for me.

> # 0.4.0-alpha.3 - unreleased

Reviewer 2: Can you bump the `transports/webrtc/Cargo.toml` version?

@thomaseizinger should we release a patch release of `libp2p` with a precise `libp2p-webrtc = { version = "=0.4.0-alpha.3", ...` as well, or just require users to import `libp2p-webrtc` `=0.4.0-alpha.3` individually?

Author: Bump complete.

Author: CI is breaking without `libp2p/Cargo.toml` being bumped to `0.4.0-alpha.3` too (so I bumped it to eliminate the red ❌s)

> - Gracefully handle errors on individual connections, avoiding shutdown of the entire listener upon disconnect of a single client.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Gracefully handle `ConnectionReset` error on individual connections, avoiding shutdown of the entire listener upon disconnect of a single client.
```

This patch does not handle all errors gracefully.
